Make it clearer that we provide several runnable examples. (#33)
pathwaycom/llm-app: README.md

[![follow on Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/pathway_com?style=social&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=pathway_com)
</div>

> Pathway's **LLM (Large Language Model) App** provides demonstrator for innovative AI applications that provide real-time human-like responses to user queries, based on the most up-to-date knowledge available in a document store. What sets LLM App apart is it **does not require** a separate vector database, thereby **avoding the need** for complex and fragmented typical LLM stacks (such as ~Pinecone/Weaviate + Langchain + Redis + FastAPI +...~). Your document data remains secure and undisturbed in its original storage location. LLM App's design ensures high performance and offers the flexibility for easy customization and expansion. It is particularly recommended for privacy-preserving LLM applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pathway's **LLM (Large Language Model) App** enables innovative AI applications that provide real-time human-like responses to user queries, based on the most up-to-date knowledge available in a document store. What sets LLM App apart is it **does not require** a separate vector database, thereby **avoiding the need** for complex and fragmented typical LLM stacks (such as ~Pinecone/Weaviate + Langchain + Redis + FastAPI +...~). Your document data remains secure and undisturbed in its original storage location. LLM App's design ensures high performance and offers the flexibility for easy customization and expansion. It is particularly recommended for privacy-preserving LLM applications.
```

|-------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`contextless`](llm_app/pathway_pipelines/contextless/app.py)     | This simple app variant calls OpenAI ChatGPT API but does not use an index when processing queries. It relies solely on the given user query. We recommend it to start your Pathway LLM journey.                                                                                                                                            |

> | [`contextful`](llm_app/pathway_pipelines/contextful/app.py)       | This default variant of the app will index the documents located in the `data/pathway-docs` directory. These indexed documents are then taken into account when processing queries. The pathway pipeline being run in this mode is located at [`llm_app/pathway_pipelines/contextful/app.py`](llm_app/pathway_pipelines/contextful/app.py). |

Reviewer: Comment: I would rename this directory in the future to `data/docs`.
